First, I will say from the conclusion.
Yamamoto Gensui made a great sacrifice, but Gensui was not the one who died.
We should not be disappointed by the fact that Gensui was a sacrifice.
Gensui has lived forever.
It is natural that Gensui died in a war, but it is a small example that a great man died in a recent war.
We cannot expect that Gensui was a sacrifice by a great man.
According to the example of the United States, the United States first gave the Eastern Pacific to the first, then the Pacific of the common people,
and then the Pacific of the common people gave the Eastern Pacific to the first, then the Pacific of the common people,
finally giving the Eastern Pacific to the first, then the Pacific of the common people,
and finally giving the Eastern Pacific to the first, then the Pacific of the common people,
but we, the Army, have our best desire that there is no point with this against the world.
Our best wish is that the Pacific will be one that can give the T Zo Parasita to the inter皿
This also explains that this was the purpose of using white paper.
The outer world dates as 08 c cc.